have a 2005 Ford Focus for sale at 90
about 95,000 I'll take the round look
here you damages it does have in which
you can look at okay here we have a
scratch
there's also scratch from the rim the
bodies clean pretty much suppose it has
a couple dings from doors and stuff like
that not very noticeable
I'm also small dick somebody hitting me
in the parking lot right there Punk see
the inside seen the stuff there got back
from my croissants baseball game and a
couple things a pretty roomy trunk
overall seats are in pretty good
condition there's one small burn here
from my CV definitely a nonsmoker this
still from the kids like public could
come out with a good deep clean some
kids stuff in the back of the back seats
are perfect here
perks up right away you see the mileage
there just over 95,000 miles and the
original owner had 13 miles when I
bought that well
when the paperwork was finished so when
I test drove it only had six go over the
engine
I said five-speed manual so and then he
also has a six-cd changer pretty good
sound put something else so the star is
pretty nice six CD changer mp3 blows
cold air I don't really use it much
so this is pretty much charge hood also
has an alarm system I have this partial
zero emissions engine as well so you
save some good environmental friendly
car here
clean very well by me
along my own mechanic whoops what
you knew you're the halfway of the
seafood that should be okay also checked
out at a shop earlier today and they say
it looks pretty good I also have that
paperwork for you to look at if you have
any questions give me a call thanks